OK I am going to step you through things step by step how to complete this assignment.
So the first thing we want to do is come in and add a controller for author comments a new Java class
called the author controller.
Typical class.
Add that to get three guys you can see I'm already on the branch display author so I'll be checking
that annotate this as a controller
and we're going to need the author.
So credit private property
control and create a constructor for that.
So spring will auto wire that and
a public method will turn a string for the view name
we're going to pass on the model
and we'll have him you name
and or this one take that model add in the attribute.
Author
and then we'll take the author repository you find all
so just to recap what's happening here.
So we've gone in added the controller wired and the author repository and we have a method here get
authors and it's going to take out a model provided by Spring MVC we attach a list of authors to the
author's property and return back the view name of author one last thing to do is that in the request
mapping and we go to the authors Yarnell.
So when we go to slash authors for running to be 88 local US 1880 slash authors and it will render that
view.
Next thing do is come in and create a template.
Come over here and say new HCM I'll file and that's the way a spring and timely for resolving the templates
as long as the template name is matching that we put it in full where we put the folder name and then
the template name for the return value of the string so just a quick tip there we can definitely organize
things where the templates.
But for now we just have a single level under templates and say okay that to get now the default template
out of intelligence does not have a trailing slash here.
So if you use that with time leaf time is going to complain because it's not proper excel for the HCM
template.
So you'd need to do that to make timely happy.
But I'm going to exploit things a little bit you should not do this.
Copy that over
pay Saddam and then we're going to make the changes so just recap from the top.
So we have a document a type of HCM outraged and all five we're adding in the timely namespace that's
a small namespace here.
On line two and we'll leave the header as is will change the author list.
Just do First Name Last Name.
Did I add First Name Last Name of the model.
Chuck
the property that we're passing back from the model is now authors
call the author
is the first name property Mary Jo.
No sir we did canon case it so it will be lower.
But you do need to do the camel casing for first name last name but with a leading lower case for the
the dot dot finders to work.
We'll call him Joe Buck you watch NFL in the States.
Joe Buck is a.
ANNOUNCER I was gonna get a chuckle out of the name Joe Buck.
Let's take a quick look at our template.
So I have author list I.D. And there's Joe Buck.
It's exactly what we want.
So let's fire those up and tested startup spring
and right now that's pretty late project so spring is going to start start up pretty quick and Wiggins
is up and running on Port 88.
I'm going to toggle over to Chrome
and we want to go to authors
and there it is.
So there's our authors out of the H2 database so let me go in and just recap things real quickly we
added in the author controller auto Wired and author repository through a constructor.
We are passing in the model through Spring MVC so the Spring MVC model we are appending an attribute
called authors which is going to be a list of authors out of the author repository using the Find all
method.
And we are returning the string authors to specify the view name that we want time leaf to render we
added in under templates which is the default template location for time leaf under Spring Boot we added
in the author's H2 AML file line to has the small namespace and then we created a table for the authors.
We take the property on the model of authors and create an iterator with author and we go through that
and write out three properties for our use.